Everyone, go while
Tsubasa can't go back!
Let's go for another goal!
Oh, crap!
Everyone, fall back!
[commentator]
And the roles change!
This is Shutetsu's
counterattack!
I won't let you!
[grunting]
-[Teppei] Hajime!
-Okay!
Let's go for
the second goal!
What the--?!
[commentator] Tsubasa
steals the ball from Hajime!
Come on, shoot!
-He's going to shoot!
-Impossible!
[commentator]
Can this be...?
Tsubasa takes
an extra-long shot
from Nankatsu's side
of the field!
And Genzo firmly
catches the ball!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[commentator]
What a surprise!
To shoot the ball from
over that distance!
But he wasn't
able to score!
Are you panicking, Tsubasa?
You were too focused
on that goal!
Soccer must be played
with eleven people.
You won't score if you
play all by yourself!
-[cheers]
-[narrator] Episode 8:
-[commentator] And he made
- Birth!
-a cut again!
-Nankatsu Golden Combi.
Tsubasa manages to steal
the ball once more!
He's the only thing
that Nankatsu has!
Don't mark anyone
other than Tsubasa!
[grunting]
-Here it goes!
-Huh?
Nice pass, Tsubasa!
[commentator]
Wow, Tsubasa manages
to lure the defense in
right before making
a precise pass!
Everyone,
this is our chance!
Remember the training
we had with Roberto!
Yes!
Calm down, and look at
your surroundings!
Inside kick now!
[pant]
Here I come!
[grunting]
[grunt] Hey!
One more time.
Here! [grunt]
[gasp]
But these guys are...
But they are from Nankatsu!
[laughing]
[commentator] Nankatsu
is connecting the passes
for the first time!
And Shutetsu can't react
in time thanks to Tsubasa!
[Roberto]
Tsubasa...
Was he aiming all along
for that standard play?
If that's the case,
then his sense of game
is incredible!
Take this!
I got it!
[commentator]
Tsubasa makes a pass
that barely stays
within bounds!
-Stop him now!
-Oh man! He's fast!
[commentator] Nankatsu's
got a great rhythm now!
Go!
[commentator]
Ryo makes a pass
and it goes straight to
the center of the goal!
[growl]
Uh... [grunt]
Huh?
[commentator]
Genzo's losing balance
- due to the decoy!
-[grunt]
Tsubasa is running
straight for the ball!
That's a diving header!
Is Nankatsu going to
score the tying goal?!
[gasps]
[commentator] The ball
suddenly changed directions!
It won't be a goal
for Nankatsu!
That was pretty close,
Tsubasa!
That's the spirit!
Keep pushing hard!
-[cheering]
-That's a pity...
it was so close.
Everyone,
we're almost there!
Come on,
let's keep going, guys!
[players]
Let's go!
[crowd]
Oh, I don't know...
Hmm...
Looks like
your luck has ran out.
I'm sorry, Tsubasa,
but we will win this match.
All right!
We'll do the birdcage!
What?
The birdcage?
Are we really
going to do it?
Did he say the birdcage?
Huh? The birdcage?
[gasp]
[crowd]
Oh no!
[commentator] The time
is running out, folks!
Who would've predicted
these amazing
turn of events today?!
How many times
will this happen?
Tsubasa's going to steal
the ball once again!
Here he comes!
Make sure to keep
an eye on him!
Pass the ball, quickly!
-Yeah!
-[grunt]
Got it!
Here!
This is no good!
I can't steal the ball
like this!
[panting]
Here I come with
my favorite trick!
-Ah!
Not really!
[yell]
Oh!
[commentator] Shutetsu
is passing the ball around
away from Nankatsu!
They have no intention
of attacking!
[Roberto]
The famous birdcage...
I never imagined that
an Elementary school
soccer club
would use such a tactic.
You start by keeping
the ball on your side.
Once you lure
the opponent in,
you pass the ball around
over the center field,
and prevent them
from moving around.
Even the professional
players
use this tactic
to buy time.
[chuckle]
With this, it will be hard
for you to do anything
until the end of the game.
That's right,
just like birds in a cage.
That's cheap, Shutetsu!
Don't you know
how to play a fair game?!
[panting]
[commentator] And they
turn the ball once again!
Shutetsu may be
the current
national champion,
but is it really okay
for them to play like this?
[chuckle]
Say whatever you want.
It is precisely because
we are the champions
that we cannot
afford to lose.
Especially to you,
Tsubasa Ozora.
[Tsubasa]
Why are they doing this?
Tsubasa, I'll get
the ball back!
-Uh...
-Once I'll take it,
I'll immediately
pass it to you,
so you get in front
of the goal!
There's no other way!
Uh-huh.
Ryo will be trying to
get the ball?
That's hilarious!
[yelling]
I'll get that ball!
Huh?
[grunt]
-[chuckle]
-[scream]
[grunt]
[commentator]
Ryo can't get the ball!
The score is 1 to 0
and the time keeps moving!
If they keep
pressing forward,
they will leave the Nankatsu
defenses weakened
and may be able to
score a second goal!
Ishizaki!
You're the captain, right?!
Just a little bit more!
That's right!
Let's go, Nankatsu!
You managed to get this far
against Shutetsu!
Just a little bit more!
[panting]
What do you mean with
"you've come this far"?
That wasn't us...
It was all him!
It's really all thanks to
Tsubasa that our team
was able to come this far.
Winning against
Nishigaoka...
Inspiring us to train
to be able to defeat
Shutetsu...
And today, if we lose
by only one goal...
It's all thanks to Tsubasa!
That's the reason why
I have to take the ball
and pass it to Tsubasa!
Or everything will be
for nothing!
[commentator]
Oh! The referee is
looking at his watch!
Time is running out!
Oh no!
We can't let this go on.
It's now or never!
I'll help the captain!
Me too!
Yes, and me too!
[yelling]
Hey! You need to
change sides!
Uh... Okay!
Change sides?
Then...
-Here goes, Hajime! [grunt]
-[grunt]
[commentator]
Wow! Ryo predicted
the course of the pass!
This is bad!
[grunting]
[scream]
My... My foot!
[commentator] What
an intense intercept!
- And the ball moves away!
-I have to get it.
There won't be
another chance!
[grunting]
Oh no!
[commentator] And
the pass reaches Tsubasa!
Ryo!
[chuckle]
Uh-huh.
[crowd]
Oh wow!
[commentator]
And Nankatsu has
finally broken free
of the cage!
[hawk screech]
Sorry, that's all I can do!
The rest is up to you!
Ryo risked his foot
for this pass,
I can't screw this up!
Here I go!
Is he coming?
With this, we'll finally
settle our score.
The ones to win this match
will be Shutetsu!
Let's go, son!
If you don't score,
I won't be able to
call you my son!
That's right! And neither
will your mother!
Huh?
[commentator] We're entering
into the extra time!
This might be Nankatsu's
last chance!
[grunt]
Impossible!
[commentator] Tsubasa
has the goal in his eyes
and is pressing forward!
All right!
Almost there!
-Not so fast!
-Huh?
We're still here!
We won't let you win
just by yourself!
We'll crush you!
Take this!
[yelling]
[grunt]
[commentator] Tsubasa jumps
to avoid Teppei's tackle!
But there's the giant
of Shutetsu, Shingo!
-[yelling]
-What?!
-Tsubasa!
[grunting]
[commentator] No one
can catch up to him!
He's battling
the keeper himself...
Oh, wait,
there's another player!
Mamoru Izawa!
[grunting]
I won't let you pass!
From where you are...
- What?!
-[grunt]
Ah!
[commentator] And he manages
to avoid them all!
[players]
Tsubasa Ozora...
Who is this guy?
No matter what we do,
we can't stop him!
[Genzo] Tsubasa, just come
a little closer!
[commentator] And it
looks like Tsubasa is
preparing to shoot!
Tsubasa! Why are you
not planning to shoot
after entering
the penalty area?!
Tsubasa, you want to shoot
from outside the area,
don't you?
[commentator]
This is Tsubasa's
decisive long shot!
[Genzo]
The same curve again?
It's useless!
I don't miss any shots from
outside the penalty area!
[commentator] What
a fine play by Genzo!
But the ball
is still alive!
-Go in!
-Don't go in!
[commentator] And
the ball hits the crossbar!
[Genzo]
We won!
[commentator] Nankatsu
couldn't tie the game!
Huh?
[gasps]
Tsubasa is...
He's flying!
This is incredible!
-[grunt]
-[hawk screech]
[commentator]
An overhead kick!
[yell]
[commentator]
And the game is tied!
[sigh of relief]
I did it...
I did it!
[cheering]
He did it!
-Whoa...
-Well done, Tsubasa!
-[cheering]
-He really did it!
This can't be...
-[whistle]
-[growling]
Oh my God!
Did you see that?!
[commentator]
And this marks the end
of the match today!
Neither of the teams
managed to settle the score
in the 40 minute match,
which is why after
a five minute break,
we'll have
10 extra minutes
divided in two times!
[cheering]
That was great, everyone!
Even so, Tsubasa...
I'm quite impressed!
That technique I showed you
when we first met...
hitting the ball after
it hits the crossbar...
I never expected for you to
use it in an actual match!
But I've been practicing
day and night.
And when the ball hit
the crossbar,
I was able to strike it!
-That's amazing, Tsubasa!
-[Tsubasa] Yeah!
- Overtime...
that's not good.
-[Tsubasa] Hey, Ryo, um...
-Huh?
So how is your foot doing?
What do you mean?
Come on, that was nothing!
I'm still standing.
Can't you see?
Look, I can still do this...
[groaning]
[gasps]
-Are you okay, Ryo?
-Oh no!
Ryo, looks like you won't be
able to play the overtime.
Nonsense!
An injury now... [groaning]
That won't do.
-Huh?
[Ryo]
And who are you?
I'm Taro Misaki.
[chuckle]
Captain...
It's over.
-Uh...
[scream]
Just I suspected,
it's a sprain.
It'll take at least
three days to heal.
And how would you know
something like that?!
Well, you know. I get to
read a lot of books
when I'm on the train
because of my father's job.
And I just read a great book
about soccer
that had first-aid
techniques in it.
-About soccer?
-Yeah!
But what are we going to do?
We're already
barely 11 players.
What? Ryo is injured?
Yeah, can anyone
play soccer?
Is there anyone here
that can play soccer?
Me play soccer?
Nah, I can't.
Yeah, me too.
I have two left feet.
-I don't know if I can.
-All right...
Then I'm going to play!
-What's that, Boss?
If I'll do it,
then I'll get to play
soccer with Tsubasa!
-Uh...
-If that's the case, I,
-Huh?
the great Hanji
will play then!
-No, I will play.
-Humph.
I'll be way more useful
than him!
Hey! This is a match between
Nankatsu and Shutetsu,
kids from other schools
can't play!
-[Hanji] I'll play!
-[Takeshi] No, I will!
[Hajime] Captain,
where are you going?
I told you.
This match was between
me and Tsubasa
to see if he could
steal a goal from me.
And I've...
clearly lost
that match today.
You can handle
the overtime yourselves.
-Captain!
Wait a minute, Genzo!
Hm?
[grunt]
[gasps]
[Genzo]
Mr. Mikami!
You're a coward, Genzo!
Running away just
because of one goal?
You should be ashamed
of yourself!
[growl]
This was not how
I trained you!
If that's the case, Genzo,
I won't be your coach
anymore.
-[coach] Genzo...
-Huh?
Listen, I was the one who
made you captain.
But they are the ones
who have believed in you
every step of the way.
Are you going to turn
your back on them now?
[growls]
It's a showdown!
The one who wins will play!
-No hard feelings!
-Yeah! Bring it!
Just don't come
crying later!
[grunting]
Oh those guys...
Hey, would it be okay
for me to join the match?
What?
Don't be ridiculous.
You're not in
Nankatsu either.
I'm in Nankatsu, actually.
-Huh?
-I got transferred today.
[grunting]
[Hanji] Huh?
Hey, you...
Replacing
the injured player,
I'm Taro Misaki.
Stop messing around!
The ones joining the game...
-will be us!
-Huh?
-Whoa!
He's so good!
Th-This could...
[chuckle]
-Ah!
It's a little big,
but I can manage.
I'm counting on you,
Tsubasa!
Awesome!
Same here, Taro!
[chuckle]
I'm sorry...
I lost to Tsubasa.
But...
first and foremost...
I'm Shutetsu's Captain!
We'll definitely...
win this match!
-Yes, Captain!
Uh-huh.
[cheering]
[commentator] And now,
it's time for
the overtime to begin!
Let's go!
We'll show them the true
Shutetsu from now on!
-Let's go!
All right!
Just 10 more minutes!
Give it your best!
-Yeah!
I'm counting on you
to fill in for me!
-Yeah!
-[cheering]
[chuckle]
That's better, Genzo.
Come on,
you know you've got it!
[commentator]
And the first half
of the overtime begins!
The kick off
is by Nankatsu!
-[cheering]
-[Ryo] Who is that?
-Another new guy showed up,
-Yeah!
-Captain.
-Win this game!
-That's right.
-Get it done!
Can you hear that?
Isn't that amazing cheering?
Let's please win together!
Huh?
I wonder what kind of city
will be the next one?
I see, Tsubasa and I
are the same.
Listen to me, Tsubasa,
I have one favor to ask you.
Huh?
As soon as
the whistle blows,
pass me the ball
and run forward.
You can move wherever
you like after that.
You got it!
I'll take that ball!
[growling]
Ah! [grunt]
[gasp]
[Mamoru] Who in the world
is this guy?
[growl]
[gasp]
What the--?
This guy!
Amazing!
It landed right at my feet!
-That's a through pass!
-[gasp]
He aimed for Tsubasa
to get it and it landed.
What a smooth pass!
[grunt]
Oh no!
Amazing, Taro!
Just by looking me
in the eyes,
he can tell
what I am thinking!
[Taro] The same
goes for you, Tsubasa!
[commentator]
That number 11
is Taro Misaki.
It looks like he just
got transferred today!
They were hiding
a guy like this?
[Mr. Mikami] What are you
worried about? It's fine!
Huh?
In Genzo's
new state of mind,
he won't let them
score any goals.
Until now, he saw Tsubasa
as his sole enemy,
but now, his eyes
are like a Captain's,
trying to win this match
along with his team.
[Mr. Mikami] Besides,
now he's keeping eyes
on every player
on the field,
-and on the ball
-Defense! I want you
-as if they were on
-to cover this side!
-the palm of his hand.
-Got it!
Since he is
no longer distracted,
he can see anyone's
shot coming.
[grunt]
[yell]
[chuckle]
Taro Misaki...
you're good too, aren't you?
[Mr. Mikami] It seems you've
grown a little
because of this match,
Genzo.
You're the real deal,
after all.
[grunt]
Finally, we did it, coach!
Our team is taking control
of the game!
[Ryo]
Tsubasa and Taro...
As long as we have
those two,
Nankatsu won't lose!
-[chuckle]
-Well, you know,
if that was the case,
then my friend,
we should've
had you hurt sooner!
Ugh!
That's not very nice,
coach...
[chuckles]
[whistle]
[commentator]
And that marks the end
of the first half
of overtime!
Genzo, nice leadership!
Mr. Mikami!
Just a little more, guys...
They are struggling as well.
Just five more minutes!
Listen to me...
You must give it all
you've got right now!
-Yes, Coach!
You know, good or bad,
there are only
five minutes left.
So I want you to give
your best on the field.
You've got it?!
Yes, Coach!!
-We'll give it our all!
-Just five more minutes!
[cheering]
[commentator]
Only the five minutes
of the second half
remain!
And Shutetsu will start
with the kick off!
-[whistle]
-[grunt]
Run, Hajime!
We'll go in and attack!
[commentator]
Shutetsu moves quickly
and attacks right away!
Mamoru sends
an electrifying long pass!
[yelling]
[commentator] The lead
offensive, Hajime,
moves forward with style!
[grunts]
[commentator] Oh!
And he sends the ball
back to Mamoru!
Is he going to shoot?!
Huh?
[commentator]
He isn't!
He makes a chip kick
over the defense
and Teppei gets to it first
- and shoots!
-[yell]
-[commentator] The keeper
deflects it and
it goes over the crossbar!
Aww! No!
[commentator]
It's the first corner kick
in the overtime.
This could be the chance
for Shutetsu.
Be careful, guys!
You shouldn't take lightly
Shutetsu's set play!
Huh?
C-Captain...?
Here, Hajime!
[commentator] What?
The goalkeeper Genzo
is running fast
to join the attack!
[yell]
[commentator]
It's a pass to Genzo!
[yell]
[commentator]
And he shoots!
With a power
far greater than
any other player
in the field!
Whoa!
[commentator]
What a nice shot from Genzo!
Yes!
[cheers]
[commentator]
It's 2 against 1!
Shutetsu is leading!
This could be the goal
that decides the winner
of this match!
Captain,
with the time remaining,
we could try
the birdcage...
I got it. You sure like
-Huh?
That's enough.
That's just a tactic
to run away.
Instead of defending
the points we have,
why not fight for
another one to win!
-Yes, Captain!
[Tsubasa]
Amazing!
Genzo is really amazing!
But the match is not over.
Now it is our turn, guys!
-Yeah!
I won't let them
say that we lost
since I joined the team!
All right!
It's time to strike back!